CVS-59109 - Add a short example how to convert TF model to IR with scaling for binary input (#754)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/tf_model_binary_input.md

# TF model conversion to IR with scaling for binary input

This document guides how to prepare TensorFlow model to use binary input with OpenVINO&trade; Model Server.

- In this example TF model that will be converted is [ResNet in TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/v2.2.0/official/r1/resnet).

- To convert TensorFlow model into Intermediate Representation format model_optimizer tool can be used. There are several ways to store TensorFlow model and in this guide we are going to convert SavedModel format. More information about conversion process can be found on the openVINO&trade; documentation in [Converting a TensorFlow* Model](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow.html#savedmodel_format) guide.

> - Sending requests with binary input requires some adjustments in deployment for both OVMS and model. More informations can be found on [Support for binary inputs data in OpenVINO Model Server](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/blob/main/docs/binary_input.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- binary input format has several requirements for the model and ovms configuration. More information can be found in [binary inputs documentation](binary_input.md).
```

## Steps

### Prepering the Model

Download the model
```Bash
wget http://download.tensorflow.org/models/official/20181001_resnet/savedmodels/resnet_v2_fp32_savedmodel_NHWC.tar.gz

tar -xvzf resnet_v2_fp32_savedmodel_NHWC.tar.gz 

mv resnet_v2_fp32_savedmodel_NHWC/1538687283/ resnet_v2
rmdir resnet_v2_fp32_savedmodel_NHWC/
```
*Note:* Directories operations are not neccessery for the prepartion, but in this guide in order to keep the commands as simple as possible the directories are simplified.

Pull the latest openvino ubuntu_dev image from dockerhub
```Bash
docker pull openvino/ubuntu18_dev:latest
```

Convert the TensorFlow model to Intermediate Representation format using model_optimizer tool:
```Bash
docker run -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v `pwd`/resnet_v2/:/resnet openvino/ubuntu18_dev:latest deployment_tools/model_optimizer/mo.py --saved_model_dir /resnet/ --output_dir /resnet/IR/1/ --input_shape=[1,224,224,3] --mean_values=[123.68,116.78,103.94] --reverse_input_channels

> ```

Reviewer: it would be good to explain the source of the mean values and add reference to TF preprocessing. Add info that some models might require --scale parameter

*Note:* You can find out more about [TensorFlow Model conversion into Intermediate Representation](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow.html) if your model is stored in other formats.

This operation will create model files in `${PWD}/resnet_v2/IR/1/` folder.
```Bash
saved_model.bin
saved_model.mapping
saved_model.xml
```

> Create `models/resnet/1/` directory and paste `.bin` and `.xml` files into it

Reviewer: add parameter --output to create this folder by the model optimizer. That would avoid the step of copying models.

### OVMS Deployment

> Pull the latest openVINO&trade; Model Server image

Reviewer: It will be pull by docker anyway then using run command.

Author: Without pulling the latest ovms image I get this error while running ovms:
`docker: Error response from daemon: OCI runtime create failed: container_linux.go:370: starting container process caused: exec: "--model_path": executable file not found in $PATH: unknown.`

```Bash
docker pull openvino/model_server:latest
```

Deploy OVMS using the following command:
```Bash
docker run -p 9000:9000 -v ${PWD}/models:/models openvino/model_server:latest --model_path /models/resnet --model_name resnet --port 9000 --layout NHWC
```

> ### Requesting the Service

Reviewer: Running the inference requests from the client

```Bash
cd example_client
virtualenv .venv
. .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r client_requirements.txt

python grpc_binary_client.py --images_list input_images.txt --grpc_port 9000 --input_name input_tensor --output_name  softmax_tensor --model_name resnet
```

> ### Output of the Script

Reviewer: I would drop this title

```Bash
Start processing:
        Model name: resnet
        Images list file: input_images.txt

> Batch: 0; Processing time: 107.76 ms; speed 9.28 fps

Reviewer: why the performance is so slow? try running it on xeon server with a single stream. I would expect below 10ms

Author: Output with a single stream on mclx-23:
`Start processing:
        Model name: resnet
        Images list file: input_images.txt
Batch: 0; Processing time: 36.33 ms; speed 27.52 fps
         1 airliner 404 ; Correct match.
Batch: 1; Processing time: 18.39 ms; speed 54.38 fps
         2 Arctic fox, white fox, Alopex lagopus 279 ; Correct match.
Batch: 2; Processing time: 15.51 ms; speed 64.47 fps
         3 bee 309 ; Correct match.
Batch: 3; Processing time: 12.71 ms; speed 78.68 fps
         4 golden retriever 207 ; Correct match.
Batch: 4; Processing time: 13.15 ms; speed 76.04 fps
         5 gorilla, Gorilla gorilla 366 ; Correct match.
Batch: 5; Processing time: 12.87 ms; speed 77.69 fps
         6 magnetic compass 635 ; Correct match.
Batch: 6; Processing time: 12.22 ms; speed 81.85 fps
         7 peacock 84 ; Correct match.
Batch: 7; Processing time: 13.73 ms; speed 72.84 fps
         8 pelican 144 ; Correct match.
Batch: 8; Processing time: 13.15 ms; speed 76.05 fps
         9 snail 113 ; Correct match.
Batch: 9; Processing time: 13.74 ms; speed 72.76 fps
         10 zebra 340 ; Correct match.
Overall accuracy= 100.0 %
Average latency= 15.7 ms`

Reviewer: let's use the output from CLX host
